DOCS/CASMNET-1534 - Improve linking of CSM install and upgrade to information mgmt. net and bi-can docs (#1671)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: upgrade/1.2/README.md

[`resource_material` directory](resource_material/README.md)
for additional reference material in support of the processes and scripts mentioned explicitly on this page.

> A major feature of CSM 1.2 is the bifurcated CAN (BICAN). The BICAN is designed to separate admin network traffic from user network traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A major feature of CSM 1.2 is the Bifurcated CAN (BICAN). The BICAN is designed to separate administrative network traffic from user network traffic.
```

> More information can be found on the [BICAN summary page](../../operations/network/management_network/bican_technical_summary.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [BICAN Summary](../../operations/network/management_network/bican_technical_summary.md).
```

> Review the BICAN summary before continuing with the CSM 1.2 upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Review the BICAN Summary before continuing with the CSM 1.2 upgrade.
```

> Detailed BICAN documentation can be found on the [BICAN technical details](../../operations/network/management_network/bican_technical_details.md) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed BICAN documentation, see the [BICAN Technical Details](../../operations/network/management_network/bican_technical_details.md) page.
```

- [Stage 5 - Perform NCN Personalization](Stage_5.md)
- [Return to Main Page and Proceed to *Validate CSM Health*](../index.md#validate_csm_health)

**Important:** Take note of the below content for troubleshooting purposes, in the event that issues are encountered during the upgrade process.

> ## Relevant Troubleshooting Links for Upgrade-Related Issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Relevant Troubleshooting Links for Upgrade-Related Issues
```

- [Stage 5 - Perform NCN Personalization](Stage_5.md)
- [Return to Main Page and Proceed to *Validate CSM Health*](../index.md#validate_csm_health)

**Important:** Take note of the below content for troubleshooting purposes, in the event that issues are encountered during the upgrade process.

> ## Relevant Troubleshooting Links for Upgrade-Related Issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Relevant troubleshooting links for upgrade-related issues
```

> **`Important:`** Take note of the below content for troubleshooting purposes, in the event that issues are encountered during the upgrade process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important:** Take note of the below content for troubleshooting purposes, in the event that issues are encountered during the upgrade process.
```

> <a name="relevant-troubleshooting-links-for-upgrade-related-issues"></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
